YTEP-0037: update status, PR list and cleanup rejected bits (#15)
yt-project/ytep: source/YTEPs/YTEP-0037.rst

It is expected that transitioning to the "blackened" version of the code will add a bit
of overhead in merging pre-existing PRs. Specifically, a simple ``git merge <pr-branch>
master`` will almost certainly raise git conflicts. One possible solution to this is to
sanitize the pr-branch (on author side) with:

.. code:: shell

    pip install black

>     black --line-width <N> yt/

Reviewer: I was confused by this instruction because I thought we had chosen a specific line width of 88 characters. Should we tell the user to go with that?

Reviewer: Oh also, it should be `--line-length`.

Author: >  I thought we had chosen a specific line width of 88 characters. 

we did ! It's the default value but it's also explicitly set in pyproject.toml, which black scans automatically.

> Oh also, it should be --line-length.

Oh right, nice catch !

Author: Oh wait I see your point... I'll remove the argument completely here.

> * settle on a maximal line length and the status of ``unyt`` ("second" or third party)

Reviewer 2: I think you should remove all mentions of unyt in in this YTEP this PR, since we agreed this ytep wasn't going to modify the way we handle unyt for now.

Author: This line is only about the isort configuration (where should unyt imports appear ? before or after numpy ?), it's not related to https://github.com/yt-project/yt/pull/2597 !

Reviewer 2: Is it? This line talks about settling on whether unit is second or third party and it's in the roadmap section? It doesn't seem like this is isort specific?

Author: sorry I don't know how I got this wrong. Maybe I can blame GitHub on this.
edit: got it wrong again apparently. You make a point 😅

Author: should be solved now

Reviewer 2: Sorry to iterate on this, but can you explicitly add isort to your edit here so it is extremely clear we're talking about isort's import ordering? I'll make a suggestion.

Author: tbh I thought I did it already, thanks !

Pre meeting
+++++++++++

The following questions should be resolved
* settle on a maximal line length (final: 88 characters)

> * decide on where should ``unyt`` import statement land: on third party section, or a custom

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* decide on where should ``unyt`` import statement lands (for isort sorting): on third party section, or a custom
```
